DOCS-#7144: Add information about logging from user defined function (#7155)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/advanced_usage/modin_logging.rst

  LogMode.disable()

  # User code goes here

Debugging from user defined functions:

.. warning:: 

>   If developer attempts to use modin logging in the remote function/UDF for logging lower-level operators as below, multiple log directories(.modin/logs/job_**) would be created for each worker executing the remote function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When attempting to use Modin logging in a remote function/UDF for logging lower-level operators
  as below, multiple log directories ``.modin/logs/job_**`` would be created for each worker executing the remote function/UDF.
```

.. code-block:: python

  def Udf(df, partition_shape, *dfs):
      from modin.config import LogMode, LogMemoryInterval, LogFileSize
      LogMode.enable()
      # User code goes here

>       return

Reviewer: Let's declare a udf function and pass it in map or apply method like the user interacts with pandas API. The udf will be executed in a remote function.

```python
def udf(x):
    logger stuff
    return x + 1

modin_df.map(udf)
```

Author: Done.

So recommended approach would be to use a different logger as in below snipet, to log from user defined functions that execute on ray workers.
Below is an an example with ray to log from UDF by just declaring the logger config inside the remote function, Developers can log from UDFs and ray remote functions called in lower level functions as in the below example.

.. code-block:: python

>   @ray.remote

Author: Done.

  LogMode.disable()

  # User code goes here

Debugging from user defined functions:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. warning:: 

>   When attempting to use Modin logging in user defined functions that execute in workers for logging lower-level operators

Reviewer: Check indents here. There should be 4 spaces like we have in modin/docs/flow/modin/core/dataframe/algebra.rst:L62.

  as in example below, multiple log directories ``.modin/logs/job_**`` would be created for each worker executing the UDF.

.. code-block:: python

>   import modin.pandas as pd
>   def udf(x):
>       from modin.config import LogMode, LogMemoryInterval, LogFileSize
>       LogMode.enable()
>       # User code with modin operations
>       return x+1
>   
>   modin_df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3])
>   modin_df.map(udf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  import modin.pandas as pd

  def udf(x):
      from modin.config import LogMode
      
      LogMode.enable()
      
      return x + 1
  
  modin_df = pd.DataFrame([0, 1, 2, 3])
  print(modin_df.map(udf))
```

So the **recommended** approach would be to use a different logger as in the below snipet

> to log from user defined functions that execute on Ray workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to log from user defined functions that execute on workers.
```

Below is an an example to log from UDF. For this the logger config has to be specified inside the UDF that would execute on a remote worker.

.. code-block:: python

>   import modin.pandas as pd
>   import logging
>   def udf(x):
>       logging.basicConfig(filename='modin_udf.log', level=logging.INFO)
>       logging.info("This log message will be written to modin_udf.log ")
>       # User code goes here
>       return x+1
> 
>   modin_df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3])
>   print(modin_df.map(udf))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  import logging
  import modin.pandas as pd
  
  def udf(x):
      logging.basicConfig(filename='modin_udf.log', level=logging.INFO)
      logging.info("This log message will be written to modin_udf.log ")

      # User code goes here
      return x + 1

  modin_df = pd.DataFrame([0, 1, 2, 3])
  print(modin_df.map(udf))
```
